[notifications][docs] using registerTaskAsync in terminated app state (#32806)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/notifications.mdx

No usage description is required, see [notification-related permissions](#fetch-information-about-notifications-related-permissions).

### Interpret the iOS permissions response

> On iOS, permissions for sending notifications are a little more granular than they are on Android.
> Because of this, you should rely on the `NotificationPermissionsStatus`'s `ios.status` field, instead of the root `status` field.
> This value will be one of the following, accessible under `Notifications.IosAuthorizationStatus`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS, permissions for sending notifications are a little more granular than they are on Android. This is why you should rely on the `NotificationPermissionsStatus`'s `ios.status` field, instead of the root `status` field.

This value will be one of the following, accessible under `Notifications.IosAuthorizationStatus`:
```

Let's also format it correctly for our own maintenance. Without a new line between, all the lines render as a single paragraph.

- `NOT_DETERMINED`: The user hasn't yet made a choice about whether the app is allowed to schedule notifications
- `DENIED`: The app isn't authorized to schedule or receive notifications
- `AUTHORIZED`: The app is authorized to schedule or receive notifications

> - `PROVISIONAL`: The application is provisionally authorized to post noninterruptive user notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROVISIONAL`: The app is provisionally authorized to post noninterruptive user notifications
```

For consistency, let's stick to using "app"
